cleboundaries
=============


Various City of Cleveland boundary files. 

Inspired by: 

http://project.wnyc.org/nyc-districting-revised/index.html?lat=40.7370&lon=-73.9220&zoom=12

contents: 
---------------------------------------
Wards/ 

contents: 
2014wardboundaries.osm Cleveland's current Ward boundaries that revised and passed by City Council in April 2014.

Redrawn boundaries were first proposed in March 2013 and are available by viewing my commit history and using the proposedboundaries.osm file. They were revised a 2nd time (primarily consisting of changes to Ward 3). This 2nd revision is available [at this commit](https://github.com/skorasaurus/cleboundaries/commit/0a7355026a1daf1b7c4c5d6aacafcc8ad5887c1e). 

2014wardboundaries.shp 
Same as 2014wardboundaries.osm as SHP. 

2014wardboundaries.geojson
Same as 2014wardboundaries.osm as geojson. 

Proposed Boundaries for 2014 were first released in March 2013. Through City Council deliberations, they were changed before they became official and passed into law. You can find these boundaries by viewing my commit history, specifically the .osm files.  

boundaries-proposed
- A Tilemill project of ward boundaries
To reproduce on your computer, you can simply change the layer source from my POSTGIS database (generated by osm2pgsql) with your own postgis databse or simply use geojson or shp included in this repo. 

index.html 
- simple html page using mapbox.js/leaflet that displays the WARDS borders over a mapbox basemap. 

---------------------------------------
neighborhood: 

- neighborhood boundaries that I derived from a number of sources. See https://skorasaurus.wordpress.com/cleveland-neighborhood-map/ for a background. 

License:
CC BY 4.0
